What are your risk areas? Identify and describe them.
1. My first risk area is to make sure in my new cleaned dataset the visit id is unique. if it is unique i am right if it is not either I am wrong or the visitor purchased more products so iam gonna valid this thing.
2. I have said that in answeing the questions Newyork is the city with the most revenue generated so I am gonna calculate the revenue generated by Newyork and check if there is any city that generates morethan Newyork.



QA Process:
Describe your QA process and include the SQL queries used to execute it.
1. First i am gonna execute my cleaned code which is in the cleaning data section. so when I execute it there is 1052 number of rows.
  Then when i run the code: SELECT DISTINCT(visitid) it is 1189. so it is either I am wrong or or there are multiple products for some visitors so lets run this code
SELECT n.visitid, count(s.productsku)
FROM new_analytics n
JOIN new_all_sessions a ON a.visitid = n.visitid
JOIN products p ON p.sku = a.productsku
JOIN sales_by_sku s ON s.productsku = a.productsku
GROUP BY n.visitid
HAVING count(s.productsku)> 1
when we run the above code we can get many rows which shows that visitid cant be unique.

2. SELECT totalrevenue, city, country
FROM (
SELECT
 sum((unitprice/1000)*unitssold) as totalrevenue,
  CASE WHEN city = '(not set)' OR city = 'not available in demo dataset' THEN NULL
       ELSE city
  END AS city,
  CASE WHEN country = '(not set)' THEN NULL
       ELSE country
  END AS country
FROM
  analytics a
JOIN
  all_sessions b ON a.visitid = b.visitid
GROUP BY 
	city, country
	)
WHERE
  city IS NOT null AND country IS NOT null and totalrevenue > (SELECT sum((unitprice/1000)*unitssold) as totalrevenue
                                                                    FROM analytics a
                                                                JOIN    all_sessions b ON a.visitid = b.visitid
                                                                WHERE city = 'New York')
   so when we display the above code we cant get any country and city so it validates what we did which is as New York is the city and UNited States is the country
    with highest total revenue generated.
                                                                       
